the jungle professors by day professor
lucas and dr maria were beloved
university teachers lucas taught zoology
and maria specialized in anthropology
they were respected by students and
colleagues alike for their vast knowledge
yet once night fell their lives changed
entirely the couple lived deep in the
jungle in a hidden cabin surrounded by
towering trees and wild animals lucas
asked maria how often do you think
someone will notice our double life maria
smiled once in a blue moon maybe who
would ever think that two university
professors could live such a savage life
out here every once in a while they'd
walk through the dense forest talking
about their day at the university but as
soon as the sun set they became hunters
they'd go deep into the jungle searching
for animals to kill and make clothing
from it wasn't just any clothing though
these weren't your typical professors
their outfits were made from the finest
animal hides fur and feathers these look
snatched lucas would say after crafting a
new outfit the jungle had its own rules
and they followed them their clothing was
a flex showing off their jungle skills
one night as they hunted a wild jaguar
lucas pulled maria aside look out it's
coming toward us he said the jaguar lunge
but with swift movements lucas took it
down maria panted that was lit we got
ourselves a new outfit but their secret
wasn't easy to keep what happens if
someone from the university finds out
maria wondered aloud that would be like
letting the cat out of the bag lucas said
but don't worry we'll ghost anyone who
gets too close right maria added plus who
would believe us when pigs fly someone
might think we're out here hunting
animals by night despite their savage
night lives the couple maintained their
university facade their students would
never know that their professors dressed
in fine tailored suits during the day
spent the night weaving jaguar skins into
clothing themselves but every once in a
while maria would notice a student's
suspicious glance brah do they know she'd
ask lucas stop being so shook he'd reply
they're barking up the wrong tree if they
think we're anything but boring
professors one day maria overheard a
student asking a colleague excuse me have
you thought about what professors lucas
and maria do after class the colleague
laughed sorry i didn't catch that are you
serious maria's heart raised but she kept
her cool sorry she said and then thought
to herself maybe they're just pulling
someone's leg when someone asked how old
they were lucas would laugh old enough to
know better but young enough to still
slay at night they lived a double life
flawlessly they hit the books by day and
hit the jungle by night killing two birds
with one stone maintaining both their
careers and their wild passions but the
jungle was dangerous one night lucas
almost bit off more than he could chew
when they faced a ferocious pack of
wolves maria saved the day by using her
knowledge of the jungle to out wheat them
that was close she said maybe we should
call it a day before one of us ends up
kicking the bucket yeah lucas agreed but
hey we'll still be back tomorrow this
life is too bustin to stop as they sat in
front of their cabin maria turned to
lucas is it okay if we take a break
tomorrow i could use a little rest sure
go ahead lucas replied we've earned it
break a leg out there tomorrow have you
thought about how we can make this easier
maria suggested maybe we should ask for
help from our colleagues good idea lucas
said but i hate to think what they would
say if they knew and so the couple
continued their wild dual existence they
lived for the thrill of the hunt and
loved the challenge of balancing their
jungle lives with their academic careers
every once in a while they'd spill the
tea on their adventures to a close friend
but only enough to keep the truth hidden
after all in front of the classroom they
were just regular teachers but in the
jungle they were something entirely
different good idea good idea